Creates the MC Stats package (#15983)
Automattic/jetpack: packages/mc-stats/README.md

# Jetpack Stats

> Used to record stats using https://pixel.wp.com/g.gif

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to record internal usage stats for Automattic. Not visible to site owners.
```

## Usage

```php

> $stats = new Automattic\Jetpack\Stats();

Reviewer: Needs to be updated to the proper class name.

Author: done
